release: v1.59.0 (#6438)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bnjjj_fix_880.md

### Fix telemetry instrumentation using supergraph query selector ([PR #6324](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6324))

> Query selector was raising error logs like `this is a bug and should not happen`. It's now fixed.
> Now this configuration will work properly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, router telemetry instrumentation that used query selectors could log errors with messages such as `this is a bug and should not happen`. 

These errors have now been fixed, and configurations with query selectors such as the following work properly:
  
```
